Assert docs and change deps (#29)
datarootsio/databooks: docs/usage/overview.md

especially when it comes to sharing and versioning notebooks. That is because Jupyter
notebooks are actually JSON files, with extra metadata that are useful for Jupyter but
unnecessary for many users. When committing notebooks you commit all the metadata that
may cause some issues down the line. This is where `databooks` comes in.

The package currently has 3 main features, exposed as CLI commands

1. `databooks meta`: to remove unnecessary notebook metadata that can cause git conflicts
2. `databooks fix`: to fix conflicts after they've occurred, by parsing versions of the
conflicting file and computing its difference in a Jupyter-friendly way, so you (user) can
manually resolve them in the Jupyter terminal
3. `databooks assert`: to assert that the notebook metadata actually conforms to desired
values - ensure that notebook has sequential execution count, tags, etc.

## `databooks meta`

The only thing you need to pass is a path. We have sensible defaults to do the rest.

```bash
databooks meta path/to/notebooks
```

With that, for each notebook in the path, by default:

- It will remove execution counts
- It **won't** remove cell outputs

> - It will remove metadata from all cells (like cell tags or ids)

Reviewer: (such as cell tags or ids)

!!! info "Fun fact"

    "Fix" may be a misnomer: the "broken" JSON in the notebook is not actually fixed -
    instead we compare the versions of the notebook that caused the conflict.

## `databooks assert`

In `databooks meta`, we remove unwanted metadata. But sometimes we may still want some
metadata (such as cell tags), or more than that, we may want the metadata to have
certain values. This is where `databooks assert` comes in. We can use this command to
ensure that the metadata is present and has the desired values.

`databooks assert` is akin to (and inspired by) Python's [`assert`](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/simple_stmts.html#the-assert-statement).
Therefore, the user must pass a path and a string with the expression to be evaluated
for each notebook.

```bash
databooks assert path/to/notebooks --expr "python expression to assert on notebooks"
```

This can be used, for example, to make sure that the notebook cells were executed in
order. Or that we have `markdown` cells, or to set a maximum number of cells for each
notebook.

Evidently, there are some limitations to the expressions that a user can pass.

**Variables in scope:**

> All the variables in scope are a subclass of Pydantic models. Therefore, you can use them

Reviewer: This is a lot of stuff to throw at an average data scientist in an overview md IMO. 
Variables in scope? 
Subclass of Pydantic?
The example doesn't make it super clear to a newb like me either 

```suggestion
All of the variables that you may use in your assert expressions are [subclasses of Pydantic models](link). Therefore, you can use **them** 
```
Specify what "them" is here. Is this related to metadata? To cell metadata? Other metadata?

Author: That makes a lot of sense! Thanks for the suggestion!

as regular python objects (i.e.: to access the cell types, one could write

> `[cell.cell_type for cell in nb.cells]`). For convenience, are available the variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`[cell.cell_type for cell in nb.cells]`). For convenience's sake, here is a list of currently supported variables that can be used in assert expressions:
```

- [`filter`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#filter)
- [`getattr`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#getattr)
- [`hasattr`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#hasattr)
- [`len`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#len)
- [`list`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#list)
- [`range`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#range)
- [`sorted`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#sorted)
<!-- [[[end]]] -->

These limitations are designed to allow anyone to use `databooks assert` safely. This is
because we use built-in's [`eval`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#eval),
and [`eval` is really dangerous](https://nedbatchelder.com/blog/201206/eval_really_is_dangerous.html).
To mitigate that (and for your safety), we actually parse the string and only allow a
couple of operations to happen. Check out our [tests](https://github.com/datarootsio/databooks/blob/main/tests/test_affirm.py)
to see what is and isn't allowed and see the [source](https://github.com/datarootsio/databooks/blob/main/databooks/affirm.py)
to see how that happens!

> It's also relevant to mention that to avoid repetitive typing one configure the tool to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also relevant to mention that to avoid repetitive typing you can configure the tool to
```

> omit the source string. Even more powerful is to combine it with [`pre-commit`](https://pre-commit.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
omit the source string. An even more powerful method is to combine it with [`pre-commit`](https://pre-commit.com/)
```

or CI/CD. Check out the rest of the "Usage" section for more info!

### Recipes

It can be a bit repetitive and tedious to write out expressions to be asserted. Or
even hard to think of how to express these assertions about notebooks. With that in mind,
we also include "user recipes". These recipes store some useful expressions to be checked,
to be used both as shorthand of other expressions and inspiration for you to come up
with your own recipe! Feel free to submit a PR with your recipe or open an issue if

> you're  having issues coming up with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you're having issues coming up with a recipe for your intended goal.
```
